Added information about Tidelift (#147)
JoshuaKGoldberg/tidelift-me-up: README.md

	<img alt="npm package version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/tidelift-me-up?color=21bb42" />
</p>

> ## What is Tidelift?
> 
> Tidelift is a platform that offers commercial support and maintenance for open-source software, including TypeScript. It works by providing a subscription-based service for companies and individual developers who use open-source projects. Tidelift partners with open-source maintainers to ensure that the software they provide is well-maintained, secure, and professionally supported.

Reviewer: [Proofreading] Was this AI-authored? 🙂 

> including TypeScript

What does this mean? TypeScript is through Microsoft; Tidelift doesn't sponsor it.

I try to be as succinct in README explanations as possible. That way folks need to read through as little text as possible before they get to the really juicy stuff (how to use the tool). Any deeper explanations can be linked to.

What do you think about this?

```suggestion
## What?

[Tidelift](https://tidelift.com) is a platform that distributes corporate sponsorships to open source maintainers in exchange for security and support guarantees.
`tidelift-me-up` finds which packages are eligible for [Tidelift "lifting"](https://tidelift.com/about/lifter) for a given npm username.
```

Author: Yes, the information that you have provided looks clean and to the point. Great for people just to know quickly what they will be working on 👍🏻

> 
> - Real life Example : 
> 	A Company that develops web applications using TypeScript and relies on various open-source libraries to enhance their development process. Instead of having to manage the maintenance and security of these open-source dependencies internally, the company subscribes to Tidelift. This subscription ensures that the open-source libraries they use are continuously maintained, updated, and supported by a team of professionals. This support allows the company to focus on their core development work, knowing that their open-source dependencies 	are in good hands and will be continuously improved and secured.  

Reviewer: [Proofreading] I don't think we need to provide quite so much explanation for what Tidelift is, when they already have their own docs (which aren't actually linked in this new explanation).

```suggestion
```

Author: I thought a real life use case would help them understand better about the technology they'll using; but since they came till here to use it. I think that it is not essential to add this part. So it can be removed. Thank you so much for helping me out 😊

So now, should I do the required changes and again send a PR !?

Reviewer: Cool! Yeah you can push commits to this same branch then re-request review: https://www.joshuakgoldberg.com/blog/contributing-to-a-create-typescript-app-repository/#re-requesting-review
